docs: Update ways-to-contribute.md (#16682)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/uno-development/ways-to-contribute.md

## Contributing code

> The WinUI are pretty big, but many hands make light work. We welcome code and content contributions from the community, and the core team is more than happy to help new contributors ramp up and familiarize themselves with Uno Platforms's codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WinUI framework is pretty big, but many hands make light work. We welcome code and content contributions from the community, and the core team is more than happy to help new contributors ramp up and familiarize themselves with Uno Platform's codebase.
```

Reviewer 2: @jeromelaban, @sasakrsmanovic do we need to remove UWP framework here? As we still have support for it in a way with some versions.

There are also other places that will need to be reviewed, here for example:
https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/blob/c1656f662cfaf7a7d5d8c7850ef453589f622278/CONTRIBUTING.md?plain=1#L15
(Related search for uwp: https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Aunoplatform%2Funo%20uwp%20path%3A*.md&type=code)

Reviewer 2: Other needed changes will be done in following PRs as per feedback from @sasakrsmanovic

### Need help?

If there's anything you need, [ping us on our Discord Server](https://platform.uno/discord).

> 

Reviewer 2: Also @sasakrsmanovic I think we would want to fix this one also at the same time https://github.com/unoplatform/private/issues/354 with details regarding https://platform.uno/blog/github-sponsorship-matching-for-uno-platform-contributors-and-employees/

Reviewer 2: We will do it in another PR as per feedback from @sasakrsmanovic

## Sponsors & Grants
Please consider sponsoring Uno Platform development, especially if your company benefits from this library.
 

> Your contribution will go towards adding new features and closing issues raised by community at Uno Platform backlog on GitHub (Issues · unoplatform/uno (github.com)) and making sure all functionality continues to meet our high quality standards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your contribution will go towards adding new features and closing issues raised by the community at Uno Platform backlog on GitHub ([Issues · unoplatform/uno (github.com)](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/issues)) and making sure all functionality continues to meet our high-quality standards.
```

> A grant for continuous full-time development has the biggest impact for progress. Periods of 2 to 5 days allow a contributor to tackle substantial complex issues which are otherwise left to linger until somebody can’t afford to not fix them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A grant for continuous full-time development has the biggest impact on progress. Periods of 2 to 5 days allow a contributor to tackle substantial complex issues that are otherwise left to linger until somebody can’t afford to not fix them.
```
